# My-Profile
Personal information 
Name: Doan Hai Nam Le 
E-mail: 
Nationality: Vietnamese 
Culture: Vietnamese 
Education to date:  I transferred from Bachelor of Nursing from Monash to do Bachelor of Information Technology in RMIT 
Language spoken: English and Vietnamese 
Hobbies: play games, watch horror movies and listen to music 
Pet: Cat and 
Favourite sport: Soccer 
Favourite movie genres: Horror, crime and thriller
Favourite music genres:  Pop and Rap 
Favourite foods: live seafoods!
Interesting fact about me: I make funny noises when I laugh too much and I like to scare my friends when we watch horror movies. 

Interest IT
Currently, I am very interest in cybersecurity and game designing aspects of Information Technology. This interest started when I became aware that we are living in the advanced technologies, where our personal information are vulnerable to the whole world, including hackers out there. Therefore, I started to wonder how the current computer program such as Firewalls, Norton works in order to provide the protection that we need in a fast moving, advance technologies world. The more information I start to read about how these programs work, it motivates me to develop my own program that would fully provide protection to the users across the world. 

I chose to come to RMIT to complete my bachelor of Information Technology because I believed that RMIT is the best and the most suitable university for me. This includes academic aspects such as RMIT demands high standard work, yet the workload is very manageable. Additionally, I believed RMIT provides a lot of resources to help with my studies, counselling and other services to help me complete my study at my best. Furthermore, RMIT has been well known for its advance technology and architectures. Therefore, after weighting all of the disadvantages and advantages, I decided that RMIT is suitable for me compare to other university. 

I expect to learn a lot of information with a lot of problem solving skills both in theory and experiments. Additionally, I expect to gain a lot of knowledge that would prepare me to enter the workforce after I complete this course. Furthermore, not only these expectations, I also believe that this course would allow me to specialise in my interest areas, that is, game designing and cybersecurity and a way to improve the current techniques in game designing and cybersecurity. 

IDEAL JOB 
 

https://www.seek.com.au/job/36820079?type=standout

There are a few reasons this job appeals to me: 
Firstly, this job falls into my interest area that is cybersecurity. Secondly, this job allows me to use my problem solving skills and thinking skills to help and protect the system from hackers and their intentions. Thirdly, I believe that this job is a very difficult job, while, it also provides excitement as you are trying to protect your people from hackers. 

Key requirements for this job involves having knowledges and understand of various protection programs such as Firewall, IPS, Malware protection. Additionally, you also need to have a knowledge of different and common security processes such as ITL, CobiT, etc. Lastly, you must have a good personality, that is self-motivated to complete required tasks, and have good communication skills in order to work with the team and stakeholders. 

Currently, I do not have any required skills that are listed in this job. However, I believe that I have a good personality and I am a self-motivated individual to complete tasks, where I can work independently or work in a team. I also think that I have good communication skill as I believe that in order to work as a team to complete a task, especially to fight off hackers, communication between each team members are essential. 

My plan of attack and to make sure that I obtain these skills during my study is that I would find out different available anti-virus program and learn how their advantages and disadvantages, also read information about how each program work. Furthermore, I can find some similar problems or example problems that are available on the internet and learn how to solve the problem or what techniques or processes I would use. Lastly, I will make sure that I am specialising in cybersecurity and game designing as my major, so that I can gain a lot knowledge and would help to prepare for the workforces. 

Personal Profile 
According to Myer-Briggs test, my personality type is: Introversion, Sensible, Thinking, Judging (ISTJ). Base on the given results, I think these results are accurate when describing my personality. The results stated that I like to work systematic, able to think thing through and do not have good impression of people who tends to neglect or affects the whole team’s committed goal. Additionally, I tend to be serious when I meet new people, however, those whose knows me well, tend to find a lot of humour beneath the serious face. I am also steady and purposeful, which allows me to exhibit great attention to details that would help in long term commitments and lead the team to achieve the goals. I think these results show me that I am quite serious when it comes to achieving a particular goal in a team, I might get angry and frustrated if some team members delay the whole team’s progress or making changes to the planned approach. Furthermore, I should take into considerations and be more warm-hearted when forming a new team and also remind myself that I should be relaxed with my team members, instead of stressing or frustrated with them if the goal or the processes are not met. 

One of the learning styles assessment that I chose was from: “How to Study”. According to this test, I am an Auditory, Visual, Tactile and Kinesthetics learner. This means that I able to understand and remember the information at my best ability when the information is present in written language format or through diagrams and concept maps, while, the instructor is speaking at the same time. Along with presenting physical information, I also require to be physically active while trying to remember the information and make extensive use of the internet. I think these results would influence my behaviours when working in team such as actively drawing and explaining the information of what I know out loud to the team members. Furthermore, I predict that I would not able to sit with my team members to research the information at a particular place as I require to be physically active when learning new information or construct models to aid the learning process. I should be aware of all different learning styles and personalities across my team members to ensure that everyone is on the same page, there may be someone in my team doesn’t like to learn through visual or auditory, or someone may require more time to process the information. Therefore, I should be considerate, respect all of my team members and acknowledge that not everyone has the same learning styles. 
Base on the Big Five personality test report, I am a traditionalist, conscientious, reserved, compassionate and prone to worry. These results present that I am often worry when working in a team if the team progresses do not meet with the expected processes or worry about one of the team member that affect the team’s progress or prevent the team from completing the ultimate goal. Furthermore, I would be very organised and efficient when making plans for the team, making sure that the goal is achieved. However, I would be quite a serious, quiet and easily stress person when I am in team, therefore, I think that most of the team member would talk to me or joke with me as friend if they don’t have to do it. Moreover, I am a traditionalist, which means that I prefer the most traditional method to present the information to the audiences such as using a PowerPoint rather than making a video or movie to present the message. When forming a team or in a team, I make sure that I respect other team members’ suggestions and reasons, stay open minded and remember that everyone in the team wants to accomplish the overall goal. 


Project Ideas – Find MyCar
Overview 
This project aims to develop an app called Find MyCar that can be easily installed across all of the current available mobile devices and smartwatches. Find MyCar is a muti-language app, which enables users to find and track their car’s location when they are unable to find their car in big car park or when their car got stolen by someone else. 
Motivation 
There are currently 19.2 registered vehicles in Australia, while, there is an estimate of 1.015 registered vehicles across the whole world. Car Park industries and shopping centres continue to strongly grow in order to accommodate these cars. As the growth continues, there are big fears of unable to find our own car in the big shopping centres such as Chadstone, Highpoint or even at the international airports. Find MyCar is an affordable, easy build app that allow you to track your own car when it is on the road or when the car is parked in a big surface on your smartphones and watches. Find MyCar aims to help individuals to stay stress-free and relax when you unable to find your own in a gigantic car park. 

Description 
Find MyCar is an app that track your cars when the car is running or even when the car is parked. The app can be easily installed on Apple, Androids, laptops and different brands of smartwatches. The product comes with an active micro-chip that can be easily installed in any parts of the car, based on the buyer choices. When the micro-chip installed into the car, the buyers can login into Find MyCar registered account when they purchased the product, to connect with the app. Find MyCar app will show the exact location where the car is, whether the car is stationery or moving and the app provide directions to the buyer to reach their cars base on the build-in GPS system. One advantage of Find MyCar is that it does not relies on the users have to have Wifi or Mobile Data to track their registered vehicle, therefore, the users can be at mind-peace to track their car even when they do not have access to the internet. 
The second feature of Find MyCar app is the app can track multiple cars on one device 
as long as the buyers connect and register their installed micro-chip to their account. When registered micro-chip with buyer’s account, they would able to name each of their own cars to what they like. Additionally, each car will have its own information page includes: history of location, current location, car plates numbers, registration day and services day of the car.  However, this feature only automatically available to the buyers if they decide to purchase the product on the day that they purchase their new car from cars company. If this is not the case, the buyers are required to enter the information includes car plate numbers, registration day and the most recent service into the app by themselves. 
Furthermore, the app has a “lost mode” feature which allows the local police centres to connect with the buyer’s registered account. When the account is connected to police station, the app would provide the current location of the car, the car’s current speed, history of locations and car plates number. This would allow the police to capture the offenders who stole the cars if the buyers reported to the local police station. If there are cars stolen without the owner’s awareness, the police can use the programmed app on their smart devices or at computer centres by entering the car’s plate number. If the owner of the stolen car had registered with app before, the police would able to receive the information the owners receives but includes the owners’ contact number and address. 
Last feature of Find MyCar app is that it is multi-culture app, meaning that the app is available in every language across the whole wide world. 
One of many challenges this app will face is that marketing to the public and the government. To overcome this problem, Find MyCar specifically targets the users in Australia first as a car tracker app. When the app is well known, the second aim is to get deals with different big car companies such as Toyota, or BMW. The third aim is to market and advertising the app worldwide. 
The second challenge when developing this app is designing, programming and manufacturing the micro-chip in a way that it can functions according to its proposed function when installed into a car. To overcome this challenge, the programming processeso of the micro-chip have to be carefully planned and execution of each steps such as coding must be done with care. 
Tool and Technologies 
The first software required to create Find MyCar app is a program that can build the app such as Appery.io. Appery. Io allows users to build their app across smart devices such as Apple, Androids and Window phones on a cloud database. Second software is JavaScript to create app languages. However, as the app aims to be multi-cultural, HTML software will be also required to be used along with JavaScript as it allows the app to be available across different platforms. The third software is Appy Pie, where they allow GPS system to be built into the Find MyCar app. The last software is PhoneGap. PhoneGap allows the programmers to translate code from JavaScript, HTML5, CSS and allow them share the completed app with the team. 
The technologies required to create and test the Find MyCar app are: 
1.	A computer or a laptop to program and code the app
2.	An apple phone and an android phone to test the app before launching 
Photoshop is also required to create the logo for Find MyCar app. 
Skills Required 
There are specific skills set that required an app developer to obtain before creating an app. The first required skill is User Interface design, which requires the developer to have a high knowledge and ability to design an app that run fast and smooth, colour scheme and basic tips for the users. The second required skill is that the developer must have a wide knowledge of different platforms such as android, apple and they must know how security system, harwarde interactions and managing database across different platform. Lastly, the founders must have experiences, knowledges and familiar with the current programming languages such as: HTML5, CSS, Java
Outcomes 
If Find MyCar app entered the market successfully, it would protect the buyers from experiencing anxiety, and stress as they are now able to find their cars anywhere, anytime, even in a big car park. Especially, this app would become essential to drivers whose do not have a good memory of where they park their cars or have spent the effort to remember where they park the car at what levels and rows. Furthermore, the app also helps the police able to capture the offenders and stolen cars much more easily compare to the current methods. Additionally, if Find MyCar app able to grow rapidly across the world, the company will work along with different car companies to install the micro-chip as part during car manufacturing process. This would allow the buyers to monitor every single information available to the owners such as fuel status, registration day, locations history. The possessors would also be able to control their car’s build in system such as air conditioning, heater, music and radio from the Find MyCar app. 
